Update get-access-to-and-back-up-a-former-user-s-data.md (#1522)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/add-users/get-access-to-and-back-up-a-former-user-s-data.md

    
See how to [Export or backup email, contacts, and calendar to an Outlook .pst file](https://support.office.com/article/14252b52-3075-4e9b-be4e-ff9ef1068f91.aspx) in Outlook 2010. 
  
  
  > [!NOTE]

>   > By default, 12 months of your email is available offline. See how to [Increase the data available offline](Https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/outlook/troubleshoot/mailboxes/only-subset-items-synchronized)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > By default, your email is available offline for a period of 12 months. If required, see how to [increase the data available offline](Https://docs.microsoft.com/outlook/troubleshoot/mailboxes/only-subset-items-synchronized).
```

8. Set the options for importing items. The default settings usually don't need to be changed.
    
9. Select **Finish**.

> [!NOTE]

> > The steps remain the same for accessing existing user Onedrive and email data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The steps remain the same for accessing an existing user's OneDrive and email data.
```
